
Usage: fd_tango_ctl [cmd] [cmd args] [cmd] [cmd args] ...

Commands are:

help
- Prints this message.

tag val
- Sets the tag for subsequent wksp allocations to val.  Default is 1.

new-mcache wksp depth app-sz seq0
- Creates a frag meta cache in wksp with the given depth, application
  region size app-sz and initial sequence number seq0.  Prints the wksp
  gaddr of the mcache to stdout.

delete-mcache gaddr
- Destroys the mcache at gaddr.

query-mcache gaddr verbose
- Queries the mcache at gaddr.  If verbose is 0, prints seq to stdout.
  Otherwise, prints a detailed query to stdout.

new-dcache wksp mtu depth burst compact app-sz
- Creates a frag data cache in wksp optimized for frag payloads up to
  mtu bytes in size where up to depth frags can be available to
  consumers while the producer can be concurrently preparing up to burst
  frags.  A non-zero compact indicates the producer will write frag
  payloads linearly and compactly outside wrap around and will not split
  frags to wrap around.  A zero compact indicates the producer will
  partition the data region into depth+burst mtu friendly slots and
  store frag payloads into them (potentially in a non-linear order).
  Prints the wksp gaddr of the dcache to stdout.

new-dcache-raw wksp data-sz app-sz
- Creates a frag data cache in wksp with a data region size of data-sz
  and an application region size of app-sz.  Prints the wksp gaddr of
  the dcache to stdout.

delete-dcache gaddr
- Destroys the dcache at gaddr.

query-dcache gaddr verbose
- Queries the dcache at gaddr.  If verbose is 0, prints 0 to stdout
  (implicitly verifying gaddr is a dcache).  Otherwise, prints a
  detailed query to stdout.

new-fseq wksp seq0
- Creates a flow control variable in wksp initialized to seq0.  Prints
  the wksp gaddr of the created fseq to stdout.

delete-fseq gaddr
- Destroys the fseq at gaddr.

query-fseq gaddr verbose
- Queries the fseq at gaddr.  If verbose is 0, prints seq to stdout.
  Otherwise, prints a detailed query to stdout.

update-fseq gaddr seq
- Updates the flow control variable at gaddr to seq.

new-cnc wksp type now app-sz
- Creates a command and control variable with the given type, initial
  heartbeat of now and an application region size of app-sz.  Prints the
  wksp gaddr of the cnc to stdout.  If now is '-', the wallclock will be
  used for the initial heartbeat value.  If now is 'tic', the
  tickcounter will be used for the initial heartbeat value.

delete-cnc gaddr
- Destroys the cnc at gaddr.

query-cnc gaddr verbose
- Queries the cnc at gaddr.  If verbose is 0, prints signal to stdout.
  Otherwise, prints a detailed query to stdout.

signal-cnc gaddr sig
- Sends signal sig to cnc at gaddr and waits for the response.  Assumes
  sig is a valid signal to send, e.g. halt (3).  Blocking waits for sig
  to be processed and prints the response to stdout.  Typical responses
  are:
    run  (0): thread resumed running
    boot (1): thread halted and can be safely restarted.
    fail (2): thread halted and cannot be safely restated.

new-tcache wksp depth map-cnt
- Creates a tag cache with the given depth and map-cnt.  A map-cnt of
  zero indicates to use a reasonable default.  Prints the wksp gaddr of
  the tcache to stdout.

delete-tcache gaddr
- Destroys the tcache at gaddr.

query-tcache gaddr verbose
- Queries the tcache at gaddr.  verbose is currently ignored.

reset-tcache gaddr
- Resets the tcache at gaddr.

