
Usage: fd_wksp_ctl [cmd] [cmd args] [cmd] [cmd args] ...

Commands are:

help
- Prints this message.

tag val
- Sets the tag for subsequent wksp allocations to val.  Default is 1.

new wksp page_cnt page_sz cpu_idx_seq mode
- Create a workspace named wksp from page_cnt page_sz pages distributed
  over numa nodes near cpu_idx_seq.  The region will have the unix
  permissions specified by mode (assumed octal).  See fd_shmem_ctl help
  for more details how the pages will be distributed over numa nodes.

delete wksp
- Delete a workspace named wksp.  If multiple shmem regions exist with
  same name, try to use the shmem region backed by the largest page size

alloc wksp align sz
- Allocates sz bytes with global address alignment align from the wksp
  tagged with the tag value specified above.  align 0 means use the
  default alignment.  Prints the wksp cstr address of the allocation to
  stdout on success.

info wksp tag
- Prints the wksp_gaddr and sz of the wksp allocation matching tag to
  stdout in the form "[wksp_gaddr] [sz]".  If there are multiple
  allocations with the same tag, prints the allocation with the lowest
  gaddr.  If there no allocations that match tag, prints "- 0".
  Technically speaking, this always succeeds but logs any weirdness
  detected.

free wksp_gaddr
- Free allocation pointed to by wksp cstr address wksp_gaddr.
  wksp_gaddr can point at any byte in the allocation.  Technically
  speaking, this always succeeds but logs any weirdness detected.

tag-query wksp_gaddr
- Prints the tag associated with wksp_gaddr to stdout (tags are
  positive).  If wksp_gaddr does not point to a byte in a wksp
  allocation, prints 0.  Technically speaking, this always succeeds but
  logs any weirdness detected.

tag-free wksp tag
- Free all wksp allocations with the given tag.  Technically speaking,
  this always succeeds but logs any weirdness detected.

memset wksp_gaddr c
- Memset allocation pointed to by wksp cstr address wksp_gaddr to byte
  c.  wksp_gaddr can point at any byte in the allocation.  Technically
  speaking, this always succeeds but logs any weirdness detected.

check wksp
- Check if any processes died in middle of a wksp operation.  If not,
  succeed immediately.  If so, verify and rebuild the wksp as necessary
  (logging details).  This can fail if the rebuild process detects
  unresolvable memory corruption.

verify wksp
- Similar to check but always does a full verification.  This can fail
  if the verify process finds errors (logs details).

rebuild wksp seed
- This will rebuild the wksp.  Rebuilding impact any current allocations
  and can repair many forms of metadata corruption.  This can fail if
  the rebuild process detects unresolvable memory corruption.  Seed is
  an arbitrary 32-bit number.  A '-' indicates to rebuild using the
  current seed.

reset wksp
- Free all allocations in a workspace.

usage wksp tag
- Prints a summary of workspace usage to stdout with total, used by
  all allocs, free, and used by allocs with the given tag.  Technically
  speaking, this always succeeds but logs any weirdness detected (if
  wksp does not appear to be a wksp, prints a single line "-" to
  stdout).

query wksp
- Print the detailed workspace usage to stdout.

checkpt wksp checkpt mode style info
- Create a checkpoint for the workspace named wksp at the path checkpt.
  The checkpt will have the unix permissions specified by mode (assumed
  octal).  The style of checkpt is given by style.  info is a string
  that the user can use to provide additional information about the
  checkpoint.  Supported styles include:
    0 - default (currently this is raw)
    1 - raw ... all workspace allocations (partitions with a non-zero
        tag) will be checkpointed.  Minimal compression and hashing will
        be done to the checkpoint file.

checkpt-query checkpt verbose
- Query the checkpoint at the path checkpt.  Verbose indicates the
  desired verbosity:
   <1 - low:    checkpoint metadata information
    1 - medium: low plus original wksp metadata and summary usage
   >1 - high:   medium plus detailed workspace usage

restore wksp checkpt seed
- Free all allocations in the workspace named wksp and replace them with
  allocations in the checkpoint at path checkpt.  The restored wksp will
  be rebuilt with the given seed.  A '-' indicates to rebuild using the
  wksp's current seed.  TODO: consider options to rebuild with the
  checkpt seed.

